good morning it's december
24 2020
and it's a thursday here in l.a
a clear morning right now
with a gentle breeze 52 degrees
fahrenheit around 12 celsius
today i would like to thank
ariana morgenstern and ann lit
at kcrw for running my
weather report each day
you know it's nothing like an official
report
verifying what our senses are telling us
and i want to wish them and all of you
a very merry christmas eve
and maybe today we could find a good
version of rudolph the red-nosed
reindeer
rudolph and the other reindeer have a
lot of work coming up ahead
this afternoon it's going to be going up
to around
67 degrees fahrenheit
around 20
around 20 i think celsius
maybe 22 celsius i can't remember
um anyway uh
it looks like clouds once again but
there's always some hope
that some blue skies and golden sunshine
will pop through
all along the way everyone
have a great day